A () The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets.
A () The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in C), or the first tone of the minor scale.
A () An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
A () In each; to or for each; as, twenty leagues a day.
A (prep.) In; on; at; by.
A (prep.) In process of; in the act of; into; to.
Aam (n.) A Dutch and German measure of liquids, varying in different cities.
Aard-vark (n.) An edentate mammal, of the genus Orycteropus, somewhat resembling a pig, common in some parts of Southern Africa.
Aard-wolf (n.) A carnivorous quadruped (Proteles Lalandii), of South Africa, resembling the fox and hyena.
Aaronic (a.) Alt. of Aaronical
Aaronical (a.) Pertaining to Aaron, the first high priest of the Jews.
Ab (n.) The fifth month of the Jewish year according to the ecclesiastical reckoning.
Abaca (n.) The Manila-hemp plant; also, its fiber.
Abacist (n.) One who uses an abacus in casting accounts; a calculator.
Aback (adv.) Toward the back or rear; backward.
Aback (adv.) Behind; in the rear.
Abacus (n.) A table or tray strewn with sand, anciently used for drawing, calculating, etc.
Abacus (n.) A calculating table or frame; an instrument for performing arithmetical calculations by balls sliding on wires.
Abaddon (n.) The destroyer, or angel of the bottomless pit.
Abaft (prep.) Behind; toward the stern from.
Abandon (v. t.) To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject.
Abandon (v. t.) To give up absolutely; to forsake entirely; to renounce utterly; to relinquish all connection with.
Abandon (n.) A complete giving up to natural impulses; freedom from artificial constraint; careless freedom or ease.
Abandoned (a.) Forsaken, deserted.
Abandoned (a.) Self-abandoned, or given up to vice; extremely wicked.
Abandonment (n.) The act of abandoning, or the state of being abandoned; total desertion; relinquishment.
Abase (a.) To lower or depress; to throw or cast down.
Abase (a.) To cast down or reduce low or lower, as in rank, office, condition in life, or estimation of worthiness; to humble; to degrade.
Abasement (n.) The act of abasing, humbling, or bringing low; the state of being abased or humbled; humiliation.
Abash (v. t.) To destroy the self-possession of; to confuse or confound; to put to shame; to disconcert.
Abate (v. t.) To beat down; to overthrow.
Abate (v. t.) To bring down or reduce from a higher to a lower state, number, or degree; to lessen; to diminish.
Abatement (n.) The act of abating, or the state of being abated; a lessening, diminution, or reduction.
Abbey (n.) A monastery or society of persons secluded from the world and devoted to religion and celibacy.
Abbot (n.) The superior or head of an abbey.
Abbreviate (v. t.) To make briefer; to shorten; to abridge; to reduce by contraction or omission.
Abbreviation (n.) The act of shortening, or reducing.
Abdicate (v. t.) To surrender or relinquish, as sovereign power; to withdraw definitely from filling or exercising.
Abdication (n.) The act of abdicating; the renunciation of a high office, dignity, or trust, by its holder.
Abdomen (n.) The belly, or that part of the body between the thorax and the pelvis.
Abduct (v. t.) To take away surreptitiously by force; to carry away (a human being) wrongfully and usually by violence; to kidnap.
Abduction (n.) The act of abducing or abducting; a drawing apart; a carrying away.
Aberration (n.) The act of wandering; deviation, especially from truth or moral rectitude, from the natural state, or from a type.
Abet (v. t.) To instigate or encourage by aid or countenance; -- used in a bad sense of persons and acts.
Abeyance (n.) Expectancy; condition of being undetermined.
Abhor (v. t.) To shrink back with shuddering from; to regard with horror or detestation; to loathe.
Abide (v. i.) To wait; to pause; to delay.
Abide (v. i.) To stay; to continue in a place; to have one's abode; to dwell; to sojourn.
Ability (n.) The quality or state of being able; power to perform; capacity; skill or competence in doing.
Abject (a.) Sunk to a low condition; down in spirit or hope; degraded; servile; groveling; despicable.
Abjure (v. t.) To renounce upon oath; to forswear; to disavow.
Able (superl.) Having sufficient power, strength, force, skill, means, or resources of any kind to accomplish the object.
Abnormal (a.) Not conformed to rule or system; deviating from the type; anomalous; irregular.
Abode (n.) Place of continuance, or where one dwells; abiding place; residence; a dwelling; a habitation.
Abolish (v. t.) To do away with wholly; to annul; to make void; -- said of laws, customs, institutions, governments.
Abominable (a.) Worthy of, or causing, abhorrence, as a thing of evil omen; odious in the utmost degree; very hateful; detestable; loathsome.
Aboriginal (a.) First; original; indigenous; primitive; native.
Abortion (n.) The act of giving premature birth; the expulsion of the human fetus prematurely.
Abound (v. i.) To be in great plenty; to be very prevalent; to be plentiful.
About (prep.) Around; all round; on every side of.
Above (prep.) In or to a higher place; higher than; on or over the upper surface; over.
Abridge (v. t.) To make shorter; to shorten in duration; to lessen; to diminish; to curtail.
Abrupt (a.) Broken off; very steep, or craggy, as rocks, precipices, banks; precipitous; steep.
Absence (n.) A state of being absent or withdrawn from a place or from companionship.
Absent (a.) Being away from a place; withdrawn from a place; not present.
Absolute (a.) Loosed from any limitation or condition; uncontrolled; unrestricted; unconditional.
Absolution (n.) An absolving, or setting free from guilt, sin, or penalty; forgiveness of an offense.
Absorb (v. t.) To swallow up; to engulf; to overwhelm; to cause to disappear as if by swallowing up; to use up; to include.
Abstain (v. i.) To hold one's self aloof; to forbear or refrain voluntarily, especially from an indulgence of the passions or appetites.
Abstract (a.) Considered apart from any application to a particular object; separated from matter; existing in the mind only.
Absurd (a.) Contrary to reason or propriety; obviously and flatly opposed to manifest truth; nonsensical; ridiculous.
Abundance (n.) An overflowing fullness; ample sufficiency; great plenty; profusion; copious supply; superfluity; wealth.
Abuse (v. t.) To put to a wrong use; to misapply; to misuse; to put to a bad use; to use for a wrong purpose or end; to pervert.
Academy (n.) An institution for the study of higher learning; a college or a university.
Accede (v. i.) To agree or assent to a proposal or a view; as, he acceded to my request.
Accelerate (v. t.) To cause to move faster; to quicken the motion of; to add to the speed of.
Accent (n.) A superior force of voice or of articulative effort upon some particular syllable of a word or a phrase.
Accept (v. t.) To receive with a consenting mind; to receive with favor; to approve.
Access (n.) A coming to, or near approach; admittance; admission; accessibility; as, to gain access to a prince.
Accident (n.) An event that takes place without one's foresight or expectation; an undesigned, sudden, and unexpected event; chance; contingency.
Acclaim (v. t.) To applaud; to declare by acclamations; to shout.
Accommodate (v. t.) To render fit, suitable, or correspondent; to adapt; to conform.
Accompany (v. t.) To go with or attend as a companion or associate; to keep company with; to go along with.
Accomplish (v. t.) To bring to an issue of full success; to effect; to perform; to execute fully; to fulfill.
Accord (v. t.) Agreement or concurrence of opinion, will, or action; harmony of mind; consent; assent.
Account (n.) A reckoning; computation; calculation; enumeration; a record of some reckoning.
Accumulate (v. t.) To heap up in a mass; to pile up; to collect or bring together; to amass.
Accuracy (n.) The state of being accurate; freedom from mistakes; exact conformity to truth, or to a rule or model; precision; exactness.
Accurate (a.) In exact or careful conformity to truth, or to some standard of requirement; free from failure, error, or defect; exact.
Accuse (v. t.) To charge with, or declare to have committed, a crime or offense.
Achieve (v. t.) To carry on to a final close; to bring out into a perfected state; to accomplish; to perform.
Achievement (n.) The act of achieving or performing; an obtaining by exertion; successful performance; accomplishment.
Acid (a.) Sour, sharp, or biting to the taste; tart; having the taste of vinegar.
Acknowledge (v. t.) To recognize as a fact or truth; to declare one's belief in.
Acquaint (v. t.) To furnish or give experimental knowledge of; to make familiar; to inform.
Acquire (v. t.) To gain, usually by one's own exertions; to get as one's own; as, to acquire a title, riches, knowledge, skill.
Acquit (v. t.) To set free, release or discharge from an obligation, duty, liability, burden, or from an accusation or charge.
Act (n.) That which is done or doing; the exercise of power, or the effect, of which power exerted is the cause; a performance; a deed.
Action (n.) A process or condition of acting or moving, as opposed to rest; the doing of something; exertion of power or force.
Active (a.) Having the power or quality of acting; causing change; communicating action or motion; -- opposed to passive.
Actual (a.) Existing in act or reality; really acted or acting; in fact; real; -- opposed to potential, possible, virtual.
Acute (a.) Sharp at the end; ending in a sharp point; pointed; -- opposed to blunt or obtuse.
Adapt (v. t.) To make suitable; to fit, or suit; to adjust; to alter so as to fit for a new use.
Add (v. t.) To join or unite, as one thing to another, or as several particulars, so as to increase the number.
Address (v.) To direct speech to; to make a communication to, whether spoken or written; to apply to by words.
Adequate (a.) Equal to some requirement; proportionate, or correspondent; fully sufficient.
Adhere (v. i.) To stick fast or cleave, as a glutinous substance does; to become joined or united.
Adjacent (a.) Lying near, close, or contiguous; neighboring; bordering on.
Adjust (v. t.) To make exact; to fit; to make correspondent or conformable; to bring into proper relations.
Administer (v. t.) To manage or conduct, as public affairs; to direct or superintend the execution, application, or conduct of.
Admire (v. t.) To regard with wonder and delight; to look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure.
Admit (v. t.) To suffer to enter; to grant entrance; to receive; to take; to concede as true; to acknowledge.
Adopt (v. t.) To take by choice into relationship, as a child, heir, friend, citizen; to take voluntarily.
Adore (v. t.) To worship with profound reverence; to pay divine honors to; to honor as deity or as divine.
Advance (v. t.) To bring forward; to move towards the van or front; to make to go on; to raise; to promote.
Advantage (n.) Any condition, circumstance, opportunity, or means, particularly favorable to success, or to any desired end; benefit.
Adventure (n.) The encountering of risks; hazardous and striking enterprise; a bold undertaking.
Adverse (a.) Acting against, or in a contrary direction; opposed; contrary; opposite; conflicting.
Advise (v. t.) To give advice to; to offer an opinion, as worthy or expedient to be followed; to counsel; to warn.
Advocate (n.) One who pleads the cause of another before a tribunal or judicial court; a counselor.
Affair (n.) That which is done or is to be done; matter; concern; business of any kind.
Affect (v. t.) To act upon; to produce an effect or change upon; to influence or move, as the feelings or passions.
Affection (n.) A settled good will; kind feeling; love; zealous or tender attachment.
Affirm (v. t.) To assert positively; to tell with confidence; to aver; to maintain as true; -- opposed to deny.
Afford (v. t.) To give forth; to supply, yield, or produce as the natural result, fruit, or issue.
Afraid (p. a.) Impressed with fear or apprehension; in fear; apprehensive.
After (prep.) Behind in place; later in time; subsequent; succeeding.
Age (n.) The whole duration of a being, whether animal, vegetable, or other kind; lifetime.
Agent (n.) One who exerts power, or has the power to act; an actor; one who acts for, or in the place of, another.
Agile (a.) Having the faculty of quick motion in the limbs; apt or ready to move; nimble; active.
Agony (n.) Pain so extreme as to cause writhing or contortions; extreme pain of mind or body; anguish.
Agree (v. i.) To harmonize in opinion, statement, or action; to be in unison or concord; to concur.
Aid (v. t.) To support, either by furnishing strength or means in cooperation to effect a purpose, or to prevent or to remove evil; to help; to assist.
Aim (v. i.) To direct the intention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor.
Air (n.) The fluid which we breathe, and which surrounds the earth; the atmosphere.
Alarm (n.) A summons to arms, as on the approach of an enemy; any sound or information intended to give notice of approaching danger.
Alert (a.) Watchful; vigilant; active in vigilance; brisk; nimble; moving with celerity.
Alien (a.) Not belonging to the same country, land, or government; foreign; wholly different in nature.
Alike (a.) Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.
Alive (a.) Having life, in opposition to dead; living; being in a state in which the organs perform their functions.
Allow (v. t.) To grant, give, admit, accord, afford, or yield; to let one have; to permit; to consent to.
Allure (v. t.) To attempt to draw; to tempt by a lure or bait; to invite by something flattering or acceptable; to entice; to attract.
Ally (v. t.) To unite, or form a connection between, as between families by marriage, or between princes and states by treaty, league, or confederacy.
Alone (a.) Quite by one's self; apart from, or exclusive of, others; single; solitary.
Alter (v. t.) To make otherwise; to change in some respect, either partially or wholly; to vary; to modify.
Amaze (v. t.) To confound, as by fear, wonder, extreme surprise; to overwhelm with wonder; to astound; to astonish greatly.
Ambition (n.) An eager, and sometimes an inordinate, desire for preferment, honor, superiority, power, or the attainment of something.
Amend (v. t.) To change or modify in any way for the better, by removing what is erroneous, corrupt, superfluous, faulty.
Amuse (v.) To entertain or occupy in a pleasant manner; to stir with pleasing or mirthful emotions; to divert.
Analogy (n.) A resemblance of relations; an agreement or likeness between things in some circumstances or effects.
Ancient (a.) Old; that happened or existed in former times, usually at a great distance of time; belonging to times long past.
Anger (n.) A strong passion or emotion of displeasure or antagonism, excited by a real or supposed injury or insult.
Anguish (n.) Extreme pain, either of body or mind; excruciating distress.
Animal (n.) An organized living being endowed with sensation and the power of voluntary motion.
Announce (v. t.) To give public notice, or first notice of; to make known; to publish; to proclaim.
Answer (n.) Something said or written in reply to a question, a call, an argument, an address, or the like; a reply.
Anxiety (n.) Concern or solicitude respecting some thing or event, future or uncertain, which disturbs the mind.
Anxious (a.) Full of anxiety or disquietude; greatly concerned or solicitous; being in painful suspense.
Apparent (a.) Clear or manifest to the understanding; plain; evident; obvious; known; palpable; indubitable.
Appeal (v. t.) To call upon another to decide a question controverted, to corroborate a statement, to vindicate one's rights.
Appear (v. i.) To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.
Appetite (n.) The desire for some personal gratification, either of the body or of the mind; desire for food or drink; hunger.
Apply (v. t.) To lay or place; to put or adjust one thing to another; to put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose.
Appoint (v. t.) To fix by a decree, order, command, resolve, decision, or mutual agreement; to constitute; to ordain; to prescribe.
Appreciate (v. t.) To set a price or value on; to estimate justly; to value.
Approach (v. i.) To come or go near, in place or time; to draw nigh; to advance nearer.
Approve (v. t.) To regard as good; to commend; to be pleased with; to think well of.
Argue (v. i.) To invent and offer reasons to support or overthrow a proposition, opinion, or measure; to use arguments; to reason.
Argument (n.) A reason or reasons offered in proof, to induce belief, or convince the mind; reasoning expressed in words.
Arise (v. i.) To come up from a lower to a higher position; to come above the horizon; to mount; to ascend; to rise.
Arithmetic (n.) The science of numbers; the art of computation by figures.
Army (n.) A collection or body of men armed for war, especially one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions.
Arrange (v. t.) To put in proper order; to dispose in the manner intended, or best suited for the purpose.
Arrive (v. i.) To come to the shore or bank; to come in progress by water, or by traveling on land; to reach.
Art (n.) The employment of means to accomplish some desired end; the adaptation of things in the natural world to the uses of life.
Article (n.) A distinct portion of an instrument, discourse, literary work, or any other writing.
Ascend (v. i.) To move upward; to mount; to go up; to rise; -- opposed to descend.
Ascertain (v. t.) To find out or learn for a certainty, by trial, examination, or experiment; to get to know.
Ashamed (a.) Affected by shame; abashed or confused by guilt, or a conviction or consciousness of some wrong action or impropriety.
Ask (v. t.) To request; to seek to obtain by words; to petition; to solicit; to interrogate or inquire of.
Aspect (n.) Appearance to the eye or the mind; look; view; the act of looking; vision; gaze; glance.
Aspire (v. t.) To desire with eagerness; to seek to attain something high or great; to pant; to long.
Assemble (v. t.) To collect into one place or body; to bring or call together; to convene; to congregate.
Assert (v. t.) To affirm; to declare with assurance, or plainly and strongly; to state positively; to aver.
Assign (v. t.) To appoint; to allot; to apportion; to make over; to fix, specify, select, or designate.
Assist (v. t.) To give support to in some undertaking or effort, or in time of distress; to help; to aid; to succor.
Associate (v. t.) To join with one, as a friend, companion, partner, or confederate.
Assume (v. t.) To take to or upon one's self; to take for granted, or without proof; to suppose as a fact.
Assure (v. t.) To make sure or certain; to render confident by a promise, declaration, or other evidence.
Astonish (v. t.) To strike with sudden fear, terror, or wonder; to amaze; to surprise greatly.
Attach (v. t.) To bind, fasten, tie, or connect; to make fast or join; to win the heart of; to connect by ties of love.
Attack (v. t.) To fall upon with force; to assail, as with force and arms; to assault.
Attain (v. t.) To achieve or accomplish, that is, to reach by efforts; to gain; to compass; to acquire.
Attempt (v. t.) To make trial or experiment of; to try; to endeavor to do or perform; to assay.
Attend (v. t.) To direct the attention to; to fix the mind upon; to give heed to; to regard; to accompany.
Attention (n.) The act or state of attending or heeding; the application of the mind to any object of sense, representation, or thought.
Attract (v. t.) To draw to, or cause to tend to; to draw by influence of a moral or emotional kind; to engage or fix, as the mind.
Attribute (v. t.) To ascribe; to consider as due or appropriate; to refer, as an effect to a cause; to impute; to assign.
Audacious (a.) Daring; spirited; adventurous; contemning the restraints of law, religion, or decorum; bold in wickedness.
Augment (v. t.) To enlarge or increase in size, amount, or degree; to swell; to make bigger.
August (a.) Of a quality inspiring mingled admiration and reverence; having an aspect of solemn dignity or grandeur; sublime; majestic.
Author (n.) The beginner, former, or first mover of anything; the efficient cause of a thing; a creator; an originator.
Authority (n.) Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; dominion; jurisdiction.
Avail (v. t.) To turn to the advantage of; to be of service to; to profit; to benefit; to help.
Avarice (n.) An excessive or inordinate desire of gain; greediness after wealth; covetousness; cupidity.
Avenge (v. t.) To take vengeance for; to exact satisfaction for by punishing the injuring party; to vindicate.
Average (n.) A mean proportion, medial sum or quantity, made out of unequal sums or quantities; an arithmetical mean.
Avert (n.) To turn aside, or away; to ward off, or prevent, the occurrence or effects of.
Avoid (a.) To keep away from; to keep clear of; to endeavor not to meet; to shun; to abstain from.
Await (v. t.) To wait for; to stay for; to expect; to be in store for; to be ready or in waiting for.
Awake (v. t.) To rouse from sleep; to wake; to awaken; to rouse from a state resembling sleep, as from death, stupidity, or inaction.
Award (v. t.) To give by sentence or judicial determination; to assign or apportion, after careful regard to the nature of the case; to adjudge.
Aware (a.) Apprised; informed; cognizant; conscious; watchful; vigilant or on one's guard against danger.
Awful (a.) Oppressing with fear or horror; appalling; terrible; inspiring awe; filling with profound reverence.
Awkward (a.) Wanting dexterity in the use of the hands, or of instruments; not dexterous; without skill; clumsy.
Azure (a.) Sky-blue; resembling the clear blue color of the unclouded sky; cerulean; also, cloudless.
